This is BBC news,
and these are the headlines China
says it's
defunct tiangong one space laboratory has
re entered the earth's atmosphere on most
of it has burnt
up over the south pacific.
Experts say the craft would
have burned during its descent.
Beijing is imposing import taxes on a
range of US goods
and new tally ation to donald trump's ,
tariff increases
on steel and aluminium imports.
Last month,
China said it was planning
tariffs on up to three billion dollars
worth of US
imports on north.
Korea's leader kim jong un
has attended a groundbreaking pop concert
featuring South Korean stars.
The event is the latest
in a series of conciliatory gestures that
appeared to
mark a thaw in relations between the
two sides.
The leaders of the two Koreas are
due to hold a summit
later this month.